---
layout: post
title: "Importance of Social Speeches & How To Craft One."
author: "Speech Crafter"
tags: [ Improving , Tonality ] 
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

Believe it or not social speeches can put you in a good position whenever your trying to deliver a speech to a crowd or a toast at a wedding reception. 
Crafting one and releasing it's importance will make you wanna take the chance regularly to speak more often in social settings.

<!--more-->

Social speeches can be any speech given at a social occasion or event. They are personalized to those being honored or recognized and are usually shorter than 
informative or persuasive speeches. Depending on the occasion, often the purpose of a social speech is to remember, praise, or celebrate.

There are a few types of social speeches, there is the toast , the acceptance speech and a speech praising an individual or a group and finally the eulogy(




## Toast 


When composing your toast, create a speech that fits the occasion in both mood and language. For formal gatherings, a good toast is dignified, although some humor may be appropriate.
For informal occasions where guests are likely to be acquainted with one another, toasts can be lighter in tone and phrased to fit the relaxed atmosphere. It is generally best to avoid 
clichés, as they may be perceived as insincere or shallow.

Here are some rules that I personally follow when crafting a toast:


1. Keep it short and simple.
2. Do not use over used ideas, find something unique to that person 
3.


Here are some rules that I personally follow when crafting a wedding:


1. Keep it short and simple.
2. Do not use over used ideas, find something unique to that person 
3.

Here are some rules that I personally follow when crafting a eulogy:

1. Keep it Short and Simple
2. Focus on the quality impacts or accomplishment the person has done.
3. Do not use platitude or over used ideas when giving 



Example of an Appraisal to various individuals


Louisa, Rafael, Lucas, Victor, Mei Lin, 

Can I get everyones attention.

Now in this project speech, as the title says A toast for the toastmasters. My first toastmaster meeting was a an Italian Restaurant in Damansara

Rafael,

Achievements - 

Lucas 

Achievements - How to navigate toastmasters , He also shared alot of interesting stories back during the time on how he manage to sell hand dryers to 

Louisa,

Achievements

Victor,

Achievements 


Mei Lin, 

Achievements- Gave a structure to toastmaster, infact some of my speeches I take her insights to 

Types of humor that are suitable in giving social speeches.






